Let me introduce you
This is Li Feier, a famous female anchor in this city.
What are you doing standing there, Mr. Gao?
Please take a seat, beautiful lady!
Lin Feng, this beautiful lady is here
Why don't you know how to say hello?
Raymond Lam
It's quite a coincidence
Lin Feng, don't misunderstand
I don't know him.
I only saw it once
How do you know this brat?
Of course I know
If I, your financial sponsor, were gone
He was just an unknown little master.
Am I right?
Goddess of Philippine
I I
Look at this
The dress and jewelry the woman wore
Exactly the same as Caiwei
This collision of clothes is quite coincidental
It just so happens that I bought this outfit for him.
There are two ocean stars in the country.
Caiwei and he each have one
It's all my fault, bro.
I was supposed to be on air today.
Because I got a phone call suddenly.
Just happened to meet me
Oh, what a coincidence.